README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72772558/180280901-7d62a24c-0354-4da5-8526-0aef52a4c161.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">&#60;BlackSkies &#47;&#62;</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This is a personal Blog and Bookreview website. My intentions is to document my journey for creating the website and its features.
    <br />
    <br />
<!--     <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog">View Demo</a> 
    ·-->
    <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

* [Astro](https://astro.build/)
* [Solid-js](https://www.solidjs.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To run the projects you will need to follow the instructions below. This will run a localhost version of the website.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run LocalHost:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

### Features

- [x] Create a section for Book Reviews
  - [x] Add images to Post Preview.
- [ ] Add a `About Me` page
- [ ] Add a `Hire Me` page
- [ ] Add a `404` page
- [x] Add a Search Feature to query the posts for keywords
  - _Solved on https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues/6_
  - [ ] Decide either to search just the blog posts or all posts...
- [x] Fix the `Most Recent Posts` button on the LeftSideBar
- [ ] Make the Page More accessible

### Style

- [ ] Add a Dark Theme.
  - Invert the colors and make everything `Glow`.
- [ ] Turn the Logo into an SVG version
- [ ] Change the way `Lists` look
- [ ] Change the way `Check Boxes` look
- [ ] Make the Page More responsive to Mobile..
- [ ] Add a RightSideBar that shows the `Post headers`.

### End Goal
- [ ] Create a template for the Astro Framework based on what I've learned here

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Mark Spratt - [@_hopelezz](https://twitter.com/_hopelezz)

Project Link: []()

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [Corbin](https://github.com/crutchcorn) for constant support ❤️.
* [Dan](https://github.com/Jutanium) for constant support ❤️.
* [Fuzzy](https://github.com/aFuzzyBear) for getting me started on this blog project!
* [Mayank](https://github.com/mayank99) for helping me solve issues with search feature.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

Commit message:

add open-props as a css prop system to create themes with

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72772558/180280901-7d62a24c-0354-4da5-8526-0aef52a4c161.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">&#60;BlackSkies &#47;&#62;</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This is a personal Blog and Bookreview website. I intend to document my journey in creating the website and its features. Maybe use it as a showcase for other people to see what I am capable of.
    <br />
    <br />
<!--     <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog">View Demo</a> 
    ·-->
    <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

* [Astro](https://astro.build/)
* [Solid-js](https://www.solidjs.com/)
* [OpenProps](https://open-props.style/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To run the projects you will need to follow the instructions below. This will run a localhost version of the website.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run LocalHost:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

### Features

- [x] Create a section for Book Reviews
  - [x] Add images to Post Preview.
- [ ] Add an `About`` Me` page
- [ ] Add a `Hire Me` page
- [ ] Add a `404` page
- [x] Add a Search Feature to query the posts for keywords
  - _Solved on https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues/6_
- [x] Fix the `Most Recent Posts` button on the LeftSideBar (_Deprecated_)
- [ ] Make the Page More Accessible
- [x] Rebuild the default component system.

### Style

- [ ] Add a Dark Theme. (ALMOST GOT IT!)
- [ ] Turn the Logo into an SVG version
- [ ] Change the way `Lists` look
- [ ] Change the way `Check Boxes` look
- [ ] Make the Page More responsive to Mobile. (Coming soon with Themes)
- [ ] Add a RightSideBar that shows the `Post headers`.

### End Goal
- [ ] Create a template for the Astro Framework based on what I've learned here

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Mark Spratt - [@_hopelezz](https://twitter.com/_hopelezz)

Project Link: [BlackSkies](https://blackskies.vercel.app/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [Corbin](https://github.com/crutchcorn) for constant support ❤️.
* [Dan](https://github.com/Jutanium) for constant support ❤️.
* [Fuzzy](https://github.com/aFuzzyBear) for getting me started on this blog project!
* [Mayank](https://github.com/mayank99) for helping me solve issues with search feature.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/Hopelezz/HopelezzBlog/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
