src/pages/book/12-alias-grace.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/BookPost.astro
title: Alias Grace
author: Margret Atwood
year: 1848
publishDate: 18 JUL 2022
writer: Mark
href: https://twitter.com/_Hopelezz
description: In 1843, Grace Marks has been convicted for her involvement in the vicious murders of her employer and his housekeeper and mistress. Some believe Grace is innocent; others think her evil or insane.
img: https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/12507654-L.jpg
tags: Fiction, Trials, Women, Murder, History, Marks, Grace, historical, New York Times reviewed, Canada, Canadian fiction, mystery & detective, historical
---

# Rating : 8/10
### _Historical, Fiction, Murder Mystery_

Based on true historical events and real questions left unanswered Margaret Atwood seams together the missing pieces.

A woman by the name of Grace Marks is accused of murdering her Employer and his mistress. Based on circumstantial evidence Marks is labeled mentally insane and sent to a mental ward. Doctor Simon Jordan is an up-and-coming practitioner.

Commit message:

add details to Alias Grace

src/pages/book/12-alias-grace.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/BookPost.astro
title: Alias Grace
author: Margret Atwood
year: 1848
publishDate: 18 JUL 2022
writer: Mark
href: https://twitter.com/_Hopelezz
description: In 1843, Grace Marks has been convicted for her involvement in the vicious murders of her employer and his housekeeper and mistress. Some believe Grace is innocent; others think her evil or insane.
img: https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/12507654-L.jpg
tags: Fiction, Trials, Women, Murder, History, Marks, Grace, historical, New York Times reviewed, Canada, Canadian fiction, mystery & detective, historical
---

# Rating : 8/10
### _Historical, Fiction, Murder Mystery_

Based on true historical events and real questions left unanswered Margaret Atwood seams together the missing pieces.

A woman by the name of Grace Marks is accused of murdering her Employer and his mistress. Based on circumstantial evidence Marks is labeled mentally insane and sent to a mental ward. Doctor Simon Jordan an up-and-coming practitioner sits and listens to Mark's tales as she seams quilt blocks.

The story unfolds through details given from Mark's story. The stories told over several meetings only shed light on small key details. The stories are filled with color and life and creates a compelling argument for her innocents.

However, the story isn't just about Grace Marks, but also that of Dr. Simon Jordan. I believe it's meant to reflect the ease at which someone can get caught up in similar scandalous situations. To me this felt distracting and a bit on the nose, howbeit still relavent to the case at hand. I do enjoy how Attwood uses real letters written on the matter to tie in truths to the story. These letters highlight the gross missunderstandings of mental health and science of the time.
