src/pages/book/4-the-bell-jar.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/BookPost.astro
title: The Bell Jar
author: Sylvia Plath
year: 1963
publishDate: 05 Oct 2017
writer: Mark
href: https://twitter.com/_Hopelezz
description: A semi-autobiographical with the names of places and people changed. The book is 
img: https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8457807-L.jpg
tags: women college students, summer, Classics, Literature, Psychology, Feminism, Novel, Poetry, Mental Health, American, Adult, Fiction, Mental Depression, Suicidal behavior, Mentally ill, Psychiatric hospital patients, Mental illness, Women authors, Treatment, Women periodical editors, College students, Suicide, Psychological fiction, Autobiographical fiction, Roman à clef, open_syllabus_project, Women psychotherapy patients, Fiction, psychological, American fiction (fictional works by one author), Young women, fiction, Students, fiction, Children's fiction, Depression, mental, fiction, Fiction, biographical, Fiction, General, New york (n.y.), fiction, Large type books, American literature
---

# Rating: 8/10
### _Classics, Literature, Psychology, Feminism, Novel, Poetry, Mental Health_

_This book could be a trigger for those who deal with <u>suicidal tendencies</u>._

Reading The Bell Jar, I felt the pathos that is heavily inlaid into the story of this semi-autobiographical novel and it melted my heart.

>“It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn’t know what I was doing in New York.”

And thus the tale of Esther Greenwood, our Protagonist, begins. The book covers her struggles through relationships, abuse, and the pressure of adult life, encapsulated through the lens of teen angst. All to the point she starts to suffocate and spiral out of control. Forced into therapy, but it goes wrong. 

I would love to tell you about different details about the book past this point, but I can’t for fear I would be devoiding you of the same ambivalent feeling that I was consumed with.

Or in Esther’s own words:
>“I felt very still and empty, the way the eye of a tornado must feel, moving dully along in the middle of the surrounding hullabaloo.”

I’ve come to the conclusion I’m not fond much of teen angst because it only translates to me as "snooty". Mind you, my feelings were just my experience with the characters in this novel and Catcher in the Rye, which I read back to back. Many others have found both novels amusing in a seriocomic sort of way. Anyhow, please give this book a serious look as you’re deciding on which book to read next!

Commit message:

Add some post updates. reworked the blogpost layout.

src/pages/book/4-the-bell-jar.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/BookPost.astro
title: The Bell Jar
author: Sylvia Plath
year: 1963
publishDate: 05 Oct 2017
writer: Mark
href: https://twitter.com/_Hopelezz
description: A semi-autobiographical with the names of places and people changed. The book is 
img: https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/8457807-L.jpg
tags: women college students, summer, Classics, Literature, Psychology, Feminism, Novel, Poetry, Mental Health, American, Adult, Fiction, Mental Depression, Suicidal behavior, Mentally ill, Psychiatric hospital patients, Mental illness, Women authors, Treatment, Women periodical editors, College students, Suicide, Psychological fiction, Autobiographical fiction, Roman à clef, open_syllabus_project, Women psychotherapy patients, Fiction, psychological, American fiction (fictional works by one author), Young women, fiction, Students, fiction, Children's fiction, Depression, mental, fiction, Fiction, biographical, Fiction, General, New york (n.y.), fiction, Large type books, American literature
---

# Rating: 8/10
### _Classics, Literature, Psychology, Feminism, Novel, Poetry, Mental Health_

_This book could be a trigger for those who deal with <u>suicidal tendencies</u>._

Hi everyone,

Today I want to share with you my thoughts on "The Bell Jar" by Sylvia Plath. This is a classic novel that I've been meaning to read for a long time, and I finally got around to it. I'm giving it 8/10 stars because I think it's a powerful and honest portrayal of mental illness, but also because it's a bit depressing and disturbing at times.

The Bell Jar tells the story of Esther Greenwood, a young woman who wins a prestigious internship at a women's magazine in New York City in the 1950s. She should be having the time of her life, but instead, she feels numb and alienated from everything and everyone around her. She struggles with her identity, her ambitions, and her expectations as a woman in a society that offers her limited choices. She suffers from depression and suicidal thoughts and eventually attempts to take her own life. She is hospitalized and undergoes various treatments, including electroshock therapy, before slowly recovering and finding some hope for the future.

The novel is based on Plath's own experiences with mental illness and suicide attempts, and it was published under a pseudonym shortly before she killed herself in 1963. It's a very personal and intimate book, and you can feel the raw emotion and pain on every page. Plath's writing style is beautiful and poetic, but also sharp and witty. She uses a lot of metaphors and imagery to convey Esther's state of mind, such as the bell jar that traps her in a distorted reality, or the fig tree that represents her dilemma of choosing between different paths in life.

One of the most memorable quotes from the book is the opening sentence: "It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn't know what I was doing in New York." This sets the tone for the rest of the story, as Esther feels out of place and out of sync with the world around her. She is fascinated by the execution of the Rosenbergs, a married couple who were convicted of spying for the Soviet Union during the Cold War. She sees them as martyrs who died for their beliefs, while she has no clear sense of purpose or direction.

Another quote that struck me was: "I felt very still and empty, the way the eye of a tornado must feel, moving dully along in the middle of the surrounding hullabaloo." This describes how Esther feels after her first electroshock therapy session, which leaves her numb and disoriented. She compares herself to a natural disaster that causes chaos and destruction but has no control or awareness of its actions.

The Bell Jar is not an easy read, but it's an important one. It shows how mental illness can affect anyone, regardless of their background or achievements. It also challenges the stereotypes and stigma that surround mental health issues, especially for women. It's a book that makes you think and feel deeply, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to understand more about what it's like to live under a bell jar.
